.\" Copyright (c) 2016-2019 Yuuki Enomoto
.\" All rights reserved. 
.\"  
.\" Redistribution and use in source and binary forms, with or without 
.\" modification, are permitted provided that the following conditions are met: 
.\"  
.\" * Redistributions of source code must retain the above copyright notice, 
.\"   this list of conditions and the following disclaimer.
.\"  
.\" * Redistributions in binary form must reproduce the above copyright notice, 
.\"   this list of conditions and the following disclaimer in the documentation 
.\"   and/or other materials provided with the distribution. 
.\"  
.\" THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE COPYRIGHT HOLDERS AND CONTRIBUTORS "AS IS" 
.\" AND ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE 
.\" IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE 
.\" ARE DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE COPYRIGHT HOLDER OR CONTRIBUTORS BE 
.\" LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR 
.\" CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF 
.\" SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS 
.\" INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN 
.\" CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) 
.\" ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE 
.\" POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE.
.\"
.Dd March 18, 2019
.Dt BASEPKG.SH 1
.Os
.Sh NAME
.Nm basepkg.sh
.Nd NetBSD base system packaging tool
.Sh SYNOPSIS
.Nm
.Op Fl Fl obj Ar obj_dir
.Op Fl Fl category Ar category
.Op Fl Fl machine Ar machine
.Ar Operation
.Sh OPERATION
.Nm
has the following operations.
.Bl -tag -width indent
.It Ar pkg
Create packages.
.It Ar kern
Create kernel package.
.It Ar clean
Clean working directories.
.It Ar cleanpkg
Clean pakcage directories.
.El
.Sh DESCRIPTION
.Nm
is core shell script of basepkg.
.Pp
It divedes NetBSD base system into many packages. Pakcages which made by
.Nm
can manage to own NetBSD system using pkg_add(1), pkg_delete(1), pkg_info(1),
and pkg_admin(1).
.Sh SEE ALSO
basepkg(1)
